# Week Beginning January 22, 2018

## Work Carried Out
* IT Bootcamp!
* 6MC prep
* Core work

### IT Bootcamp
This week was the beginning of the IT Bootcamp! It started off with a great following, that didn't really dwindle. It started at about 30 attendees, and only really dropped by 5. I was very proud throughout the week, not only of the work that I'd put in to this, but of my team that helped make this a reality.

These sessions were at 1300, after lunch and followed a specific format: 15 minutes of chat and 45 minutes of practical work. There was a very diverse crowd.

Because of all of the hard work that I (and in turn the team) put in to the sessions, almost all of these sessions went off without any problem. There was an issue with the technical content in one session - there was too much of it, and the 15 minutes of chat was more like 55! I took the feedback from this, and drastically changed the content - so that I could teach this in more detail, as well as produce a cheat sheet. This was a close save. I managed to maintain the large audience for this.

### 6 Month Challenge
6MC was still going - but I didn't have as much time to work on it as I'd have liked. I didn't time the bootcamp too well.

I still had time to go to meetings with the group and plan ahead. I worked with the technical people on the team to decide which data we'd need as a team to propose a solution to our problem. As well as this, another member in the team managed to get a tour of the data center that was across the road from us next week. This was a fantastic starting point!

### Core Work
Normally, I don't talk about my core role - when it's just developing software. This week was fairly different: the team was preparing to go live. I played a big part of this, because not only did I perform the URL transfer, but I also maintain single sign-on for Node.js within the company. This meant that I had to test it for LillyDev, swap it over to a different oauth flow - so that it's production ready and would work with the new vanity URL.

## Competences
* D1/D2 - work on giving it bootcamp and help people who turned up!
* C4 - take notes on fallings short on bootcamp and improve throughout the week
* C3 - help people in it bootcamp
* C1 - working on url transfer and updating lillydev