# Week Beginning January 29, 2018

## Work Carried Out
* Data center tour
* IT Bootcamp!
* Erl Wood Day


### Data Center Tour
This week started off with a tour of the on-premise data center. This allowed me to get a good insight in to how it was run, what equipment they needed and ask questions about cost, upgrade cycles and recycling.

This was a great opportunity to look in to how the company stored everything, and how I could apply this to my part of the research during the 6MC.

### IT Bootcamp
This was the last week of my bootcamp. Numbers were still high, even though the bootcamp was moving in to significantly more technical content. Using what I'd learnt from giving talks last week, I could easily improve the content of the bootcamp this week.

Because of a mix-up in timing, there was a trip to Erl Wood - meaning that I had to move a session to next week. It wasn't ideal, beause I wanted to give a good wrap-up and give out prizes this Friday.

### Erl Wood Day
This week had a trip to Erl Wood. This was a great tour around the research facility. I learnt a lot about some of the history of the company and how the IT Students operated over there.

### Core Work
Because of the bootcamp+trip+6MC, I wasn't able to catch-up with a lot of my work like normal. Next week's going to be very busy.

---

## Competencies
* D1/D2 - IT Bootcamp! Not only did I speak to other students and help them, but I worked with my colleagues to ensure that this week went well!
* C1 - work on some of lillydev