# Week Beginning January 8, 2018

## Work Carried Out
* URL Switch-over
* (Lean) Six Sigma training
* 6 Month Challenge kick-off

### URL Switch-over
At the beginning of the week, we started preparing to go live for LillyDev. This meant getting a URL record changed - which involved a whole load of corporate process. After this was pointing to the correct DNS record, I updated our application in Heroku to listen for this, and we were live.

This was a pretty small task, but it was a really good learning experience I learnt how to set up a URL within Heroku, and what all sorts of DNS records mean.

## Six Sigma Training
Tuesday and Wednesday were booked out this week for Six Sigma training. My manager booked me to go and learn how to effectively evaluate processes, and improve them.

This sessions were taught by a Six Sigma Black-Belt. I was in a group of my fellow developers, other members of our business unit, and a few other members of staff from around the org.

The session kicked off with some slides and insight in to SS, how it's used and the different aspects of it. We then moved on to the next session, where we had a lengthy exercise, and attacked it with the different aspects that we learnt about SS to improve it, and to move our error margin to six sigmas from the norm!

Overall, this session was unbeatably useful. I'd heavily suggest it. I feel as though it is something that I can apply to a whole bunch of processes throughout my day-job in my role on placement, and in the future.

### 6 Month Challenge Kick-Off
The 6-Month Challenge (hence 6MC) is a part of the student curriculum that happens midway through the placement. I was placed in to a group of other students that I'd never worked with before, and given a problem statement. As a group, we were given 4 weeks to find a solution for this by networking with other members of staff as well as using our mixed skill sets.

After the kick-off, I met the group for the first time and got to know them; I wanted to find out their individual skills. It was in this session that I worked with the team to plan out our approach and possible final solutions.