# Monday 21 August, 2017

## Work Carried Out
Met with people from other department to start work on new side project. Issue arose with ordering incorrect component. Consolidated and worked towards solution for side project.

Spent time helping out co-worker with some broken code - fixed ready for testing.

Showed teammate from side-project basic Git setup, for use later on down the line.

## Knowledge/Experience Gained or Applied
* Gained experience in explaining technology
* Gained experience/knowledge in reading and fixing another person's code
* Gained experience in exploring solutions for other projects


# Tuesday 22 August, 2017

## Work Carried Out
Completed outstanding items on kanboard ready for usability testing.
Met with product owner for current sprint and participated in a sprint review, listing points that follow under the following categories:
- What went well;
- What went wrong;
- What needs to be improved.
Came up with points to improve on, and to keep on doing, for future sprints.

## Knowledge/Experience Gained or Applied
* Gained experience in communication skills
* Future project planning experience gained
* Deeper insight in to agile methodologies gained


# Wednesday 23 August, 2017

## Work Carried Out
Today, I finished off some of the smaller parts of coding for this sprint. I added some minor tweaks to the overall look of the product, and had my code/look reviewed by my peers. We met the deadline and merged the code in to the Develop branch.

In the afternoon, I met with a manager, Rhys, from another part of Lilly, Elanco. This was to discuss requirements for MVP of a new secret project. This involved both software **and** hardware requirements. After I had elicited these, I put in a request for a Git repository for this product, and set up a meeting to give him a crash course on AJAX and Git. 

## Knowledge/Experience Gained or Applied
* Applied knowledge in communication skills
* Gained knowledge in requirements elicitation
* Gained experience in requirements elicitation


# Thursday 24th August, 2017
Today was setup and planning for the next sprint. This involved going through a Kanboard that was populated with user requirements, and transferring those in to functional requirements. After we had our functional requirements, it was a case of talking about each requirement, and then voting as a group on their complexity. This complexity was based on a few aspects:
1. The difficulty of coding this requirement.
2. The time/effort it should take to program the component.
After this, we began sprint number 4.


# Friday 25th August, 2017
Friday involved continuation with the sprint. This involved writing code to close off github issues, and creating a number of pull requests. Because we're using an agile methodology for our software development, we had an end of week review - with our manager, scrum master and product owners attending. In this, we showcased a before, and after of the product to everyone present, talking about what went well, and what went poorly. Because it was partly a standup, we went over traditional Scrum topics, such as roadblocks, what we've done and what we intent to do.

## Competences
* B2 - use kanboard effectively ro plan out sprint
* A1 - continuous improvement within lillydev
* D1 - communicate with member from elanco