# Week Beginning December 4, 2018

## Work Carried Out
* Meetings for IT Bootcamp
* New student interviews
* Core Sprint/Work

### IT Bootcamp
This week involved a few meetings, to not only bring awareness to my idea of a 2 week training course, but to get some ideas on how I could take this further.

One important meeting was with a senior member of staff - a BU Director. One interesting takeaway from this was the rise in citizen development and innersourcing: I'd picked up this project at the right time - a lot more people that work in IT are getting in to the technical side of things more!

As well as this, a concept known as disposable websites was picking up. Website that could be spun up quickly, used for one task - and then discarded. It sounds like my side-project of the IT Bootcamp fits in to both of of those categories fairly well and could have a profound impact!

### New Student Interviews
On Thursday, I travelled up to Erl Wood to supervise and help out with the techincal challenge that I'd previously created the cheat-sheet for!

The day consisted of my giving guidance, and spotting potential hires - for my replacement!

After each technical round, I could network with the students and see what the next batch would be like. I could find out who could replace me better!

---

The remainder of my time this week was spent on my core sprint. Friday was taken as holiday - it was my birthday.

## Competences
* D1 - communicate technical help/guidance to the students during the technical challenge
* D1 - communicate information across to key it stakeholders
* C3 - supervise the technical challenge at the second round interview. Others relied on my technical knowledge around the subject area