# Week Beginning Mar 12, 2018

## Work Carried Out

### Monday 12 Mar
* This was to be the final week in the two week sprint on Accelerators.
* Spent a lot of this morning just working on general sprint work.
* Booked some time with another student from Elanco to compare what we were both working on with our own One-Click website projects. Showed him my progress and felt it was best to do a knowledge transfer to him - as mine was significantly more advanced.
* Spent the rest of the day adding to the One-Click Site/Site Generator - including some pair programming with Philip, as he wanted to learn about Redux.js

### Tuesday 13 Mar
* Spent part of the morning planning for chat about a training day/hackathon. We couldn't warrant a full day on a hackathon - it would be too costly. We decided to bin this idea/do it *after* work.
* Caught up with technical mentor and spoke about current sprint progress (he's the PO for the Accelerator stream)
* Spent the remainder of the day coding

### Wednesday 14 Mar
* Spent the morning in a meeting with Phil, prepping for the training day and planning our videos for it.
* Spent a lot of the afternoon finalising the slides for the it summit proposal. 
* Remainder of day was spent coding

### Thursday 15 Mar
* Spent the morning working on the slides for the L&L on invisible disabilities. We discussed the content and how to talk about our stories with our own disabilities, without getting everybody too bogged down in a sad story.
* The majority of the day was spent coding
* Toward the end of the day, I booked a room for a number of us to watch the other developers and product owner present a prelude on LillyDev, before the it summit.

### Friday 16 Mar
* Entire day spent working on remainder of sprint

## Competences
* C1 - improve on accelerators in final sprint
* D1 - liase about training day
* D1 - talk about L&L