# Week Beginning Mar 19, 2018

## Work Carried Out

### Monday 19 Mar
* Spent the morning planning my slides with another student. We were both talking about the same part of LillyDev - but very different areas. I was working on the more developer-y side, whereas he was talking about how business owners interacted with it
* Spent part of the afternoon working on practising the slides I wrote this morning
* Finished up the day working on what we need to do to clean LillyDev up

### Tuesday 20 Mar
* Spent most of the day coding, working on LillyDev cleanup and some side project stuff
* spent the later part of the afternoon on a catch-up for Jenika's and my lunch and learn that's coming up next week

### Wednesday 21 Mar
* Spent the morning prepping for and recording a video for our one-click site. This was meant as a guide on how to use it. I worked with Phil to talk and run through installation instructions, as well as noting down where to edit points (slip-ups and lengthy waits)
* Some time was spent on the support process for LillyDev. This was spent identifying what needed supporting and how we can better document them.
  * During this, I found the important parts of the project that needed large support - search, caching etc
  * We assigned different parts of documentation to eachother. This was to be stored in the github wiki
* Went to, but didn't participate in, a weekly staff meeting over lunch
* The remainder of the day was spent working on development for my current sprint.

### Thursday 22 Mar
* The day started off with one of my final checkpoints for the upcoming L&L next tuesday. This was spent refining everything and doing a couple of run-throughs.
* I then had a 1:1 with my manager, which was just a casual catch-up
* I then went to the multimedia room on the 4th floor with the group from the website project to further get to know one-another and work on some UI mockups for the website. We had a lengthy discussion about the tech to use, and which design libraries to follow. After this, one of the members went away and created digital mockups for us.
* The remainder of the day was spent preparing for the L&L.

### Friday 23 Mar
* Holiday