# Week Beginning Mar 26, 2018

## Work Carried Out

### Monday 26 Mar
* Spent as holiday. Dialled in for an hout to prep for an upcoming lunch and learn tomorrow. Spent half of day running through lunch and learn on invisible disabilities - this is set to happen at noon tomorrow

### Tuesday 27 Mar
* Most of the morning was spent prepping for the L&L at 12. 
* The L&L went really well, bar a pause for some emotions - it was on a topic close to me and the presenter behind it. 
  * There were lots of questions at the end, and answered a few on how we can better tackle this in the student program
* Met with my technical lead to discuss new additions to the authentication module. This involved looking at how the module worked, and how we could fit these additions in simply. We also did some prep for the meeting later on with our BU's lead architect
* Completed poker planning for the next lillydev sprint. This was not done with our scrum master, so I took the lead
* Ended the day meeting with the architect and discussing how we would add refresh tokens to our oauth flow. He liked my proposal after I presented it to him, and we went with that

### Wednesday 28 Mar
* Started today with a meeting on a piece of software for my upcoming education project. This was used to reinforce what we'd been teaching. This was to understand how to use it and if it would align with what we wanted to do.
* Caught up with the team working on the external website. This was spent discussing the overall UI of the site, and aligning before sending off an email to the lead with our proposal.
* Spent some time aiding and teaching another student on some development work. He was creating a resource website and used the skills from the IT Bootcamp that I ran. I helped out with some more advanced techniques and coached some CSS.

### Thursday 29 Mar
* Spent the morning meeting with my mentor, going over pactypes. Was a good exercise learning about what he thought of me, and what I thought of him. uncovered how I can better work with other people in the office
* General catch up with manager (moved forward a day). Spent this mostly discussing the L&L on Tuesday
* Watched a prelude for IT Summit (SummIT). This aligned well with what I was working on in the AWS space during my 6 month challenge. It was good to see where the org was heading with this.
* Had a meeting with one of the US staffers on cyberark, so that we could stop hosting keys on out (private) github repo.

### Friday 30 Apr
* Very quiet day, spent all of my time working on 'side-projects' and my current sprint.

## Competences
* C3 - meet with technical lead
* C1/C4 - improve module
* D1 - poker planning
