# Week Beginning May 14, 2018

## Work Carried Out
* Met up with 6 month challenge mentor
* Kickstart blockchain
* API Accelerator video
* Site generator marketing
* Video Recording

### 6MC Mentor Meeting
I started off the week finally getting the chance to meet with my mentor from the 6 month challenge. Initially, we went over some feedback for it - which was all very positive. We then spent the rest of our time talking about what we've been up to since the 6MC - what we've built. I found that he'd been building some really cool microservies. I got an opportunity to show off my site generator, which he really loved the look of. My theme for this week was showing off the site generator.

### Blockchain Kickstart
After a meeting with my manager the previous week, I was ready to start learning about developing with a certain blockchain. The course had been purchased, so I spent some time this week meeting with a developer working on a Blockchain project, before I could get going. This was a great meeting. I got valuable insight in to the project, and learnt about the important concepts that I should take from this course.

### API Accelerator
This is one of the projects within the org that I still don't get - but want to get to grips with. Because of this, I opted to book some time with the lead architect behind it to learn not only about the reason for it's being - but how to use it. This meeting was great - and I finally understood why it was around: there's some organisation specific functionality that a lot of developers need, but doesn't come out of the box with something like Express, Restify or Swagger.

Although the meeting fell flat because the documentation was lacking, this allowed me to get time with the person responsible for building it. He ran me through the accelerator in depth and I got a thorough understanding of it.

It was because of this, that I opted to create a video on how to use the API Accelerator when I went to Erl Wood and used the specialist equipment.

### Site Generator Marketing
A lot of this week was spent marketing the site generator that I'd build. I booked time with a number of individuals and gave them a brief introduction to the generator. After the intro, I gave them a demo - showing them how quick it took to build a progressive web app that's linked to a CMS, without docind.

### Video Recording
My highlight of this week was going to Erl wood to use the media room. This was the day that I was to record myself speaking over a video I'd pre-recorded, in order to show new developers how to use the tool in the video. I recorded a total of 2 videos - one on the api tool, and the other on the web. Phil came with me, and recorded one on the site generator. I'm expecting these videos early next week.

## Competences
* D1 - blockchain meeting
* D1 - site gen marketing
* D2 - videos ensure that ict tasks in future will be carried out correctly