# Week Beginning May 7, 2018

## Work Carried Out
* Automation work
* Work on LCCI website and videos
* code reviews
* Prep for Contentful Talk
* Helping another dev with Git

### Automation
This week was partly spent sprinting with the automation team. Because the team is partly US and partly us in the UK, we had an online meeting to align on which work needed to be complete. It was just myself in this meeting. We spoke about two tasks:
1. Ensuring that we don't go over our limit on contentful
  * We were at 2/3 of our capacity in terms of what we could use in Contentful. The task here was to utilise one of Contentful's APIs (the management API) to find old, unused spaces and remove them. This proved to be difficult because there was no capability to find this out via any of their RESTFul APIs. This item had to go back in to the backlog, and another member of the team was to approach contentful and find out about other possibilities - seeing as they had given us the data about our usage!
2. Building a useful way to view all of the logs from other automation tasks
  * There exists a database on Heroku, with all of our logs from various tasks. Before this task was complete, users had to login to heroku and query the databases to find what's happened. The task here was for me to build a UI to find all of the logs from the database, to organise them by service. 
  * For this, I build a simple React.js powered PWA. It had a node.js backend that could query the database, which we'd call via a RESTFul API. This would then be displayed on screen. There was a lot of information to sift through, so I added search via a great JS library called [fuzzysort](https://github.com/farzher/fuzzysort)

### LCCI
Another part of this week was spent creating and updating content for new team in India. For this, I opted to use my site generator - to save me a little bit of time in creating the actual website. Once this was complete, I started adding a lot of content to it for the new developers: How to get your laptop set up for developing on the network, recommended tools and how to use the tools. I also had some time to plan and record a video this week - as I was going to be recording them professionally next week.

### Contentful
The team and myself also had a meeting with Contentful. They have a developer meetup in London every month - and we were given the opportunity to talk at this meetup. We met and spoke about possible different talks. Eventually, we settled on the LillyDev technology journey. The talk is set to be at the end of the month, and I'm excited to be one of the developers selected to give this.

### Git
Finally, I also spent some time helping a citizen developer get started with git. We went over basic things like committing, branching and how to set up CI.

## Competences
* C4/D2 - help student body by helping out with github
* D1 - meeting with contentful
* C1 - work on LCCI website
* A2 - opt to use site generator for LCCI website