# Week Beginning Nov 13, 2017

## Work Carried Out
* Hackathon Dry Run
* Bootcamp
* Tutoring Express
* Core Work

### Bootcamp
This was a great week for the IT Bootcamp. After catching up with Phil about it, I had a meeting with the director that sponsors the student program to pitch the idea to him. I gave the presentation to him, as well as a potential roadmap (if it gets backing). He loved the idea, and even wanted to sponsor his team to take this course! This was a fantastic meeting - I finally got the backing that I needed, and could get working on the content - as well as a L&L to pass the information out more.

### Hackathon Dry Run
This Friday, I joined a dry-run of the hackathon for the student recruitment program. It was a couple of hours long. I did alright in it, but I'll blame my tools, and say that the movement of the robots wasn't always consistent - so I didn't get to the end of it. This was something that I could highlight with the lead though - which he took in mind. He'll be building a sturdy surface for the hackathon.

Other than the movement it went down well and one of the developers on my team won!

### Tutoring Express
For the past 3 months, I've been building LillyDev with the team. This has been a React.js + Node.js web app. I've been workoing on both the frontend and backend. My colleague however has only been working on the frontend. It's because of this that he's unfamilliar with Node.js - or the server framework that's used: Express. He was going to be working on more server-side stuff in this sprint, so he booked some time with me and I taught him how routing (for rest APIs) and nesting works.

---

The remainder of my time this week was spent on core work.