# Week Beginning April 16, 2018

## Work Carried Out
This was less than busy, with only a few projects being worked on:
* SummIT prep
* Mentoring in speaking
* Sprint Retrospective
* Working with the OCS Pilot User



### SummIT Prep
A large amount of time was spent this week working on preparing for the SummIT. This is coming up next week, so we all want to practise it. Most mornings, I booked out a conference for myself, or for the team to practise. Most of the sessions didn't include all of us, but when we were all in the same room we practised it all the way through.

Even though we didn't always get time to practise together, when we did we managed to piece it all together well. Because we didn't always do it together, this had the added benefit of more confidence because of presenting to different crowds.

To add to this, I also had a mentoring session with one of the people I thought were one of the best speakers in the UK IT Hub, which made me feel significantly more confident.

### Mentoring
This week, I finally got around to booking time with somebody that came highly recommended. This session I'd booked was for public speaking, and being able to talk about technical terminology to the layman with ease. It proved to be a very successful session. Not only did I get a surge of confidence after hearing that somebody that I had so much respect for also found presenting so daunting, but I also got a load of hints on how to speak **and**, importantly, how to actually to speak to a group of non-technical people.

### One Click Site (OCS)
By chance this week, I found my first pilot user for the one-click site. This was another student. She had to create a website with all of her custom content within the space of two weeks - whilst doing her day job. While this might be an achievable feat for a developer, it's less than ideal for a business user.

I introduced the student to the concept - whilst ensuring that they knew this was pre-alpha software. Because of the short deadline they were very happy to use this. I got a website deployed for them, and asked them to build a list of requirements for me.

We met again on Wednesday - and I got all of her requirements. I spend the rest of the week in and out of prep for the SummIT to build these, and finally get her upgraded to the new stack/one click site version on Friday!

* changes to slides
* help from Matt
* sprint retro
* conference run-throughs
* OCS pilot user upgrade
* Meeting about PWAs