# Week Beginning April 2, 2018

## Work Carried Out
I was working with the automation team this week. Normally, it's fairly disorganised, because of the time and geographical distance between Indianapolis and the UK, but this week, I started with something new - working with the Heroku API to ensure that all apps and pipelines followed a specific naming convension; whilst removing those that didn't and emailiing the owner notifying them about this.

I also put a lot of time in to prep this week. Public speaking is something I'm not too fond of, because it's very jarring. Every day for two hours, either myself of myself and the team would get together and run through/refine the talk. I got a few people to come and spectate, so that we could self-improve with their feedback.

Development on the one-click website wasn't big this toward the beginning of the week; our chief of staff was in the UK this week and I wanted to ensure that my proposal for the educational videos was as polished as could be.

I presented this to him as well as my colleague and he was all for it. He loved the idea of educational videos for new (and citizen developers) within Lilly. He'd even said that we could, and should, run a vendor day with Contentful - get one of their members of staff in and run some sessions with Lilly Developers. Train everybody in best practises for this platform. 

## Competences
* C1 - work on automation
* B3 - automation tool should maintain our internal heroku setup
* C1 - work on one click site
* D1 - present video ideas 