# Week Beginning April 30, 2018

## Work Carried Out
This week was spent on a few different projects:
* SummIT Presentation
* One Click Site
* Prep for a new project

Tuesday was a day off - the car had to have an interim service (Added 18,000 miles to it since starting placement!)

### SummIT 
The presentation for the SummIT was on Wednesday, but I had Tuesday off. Although I'd practised the presentation, the week previous I'd made a number of significant changes to my slides because of some feedback from the team - and some insights that I got from my coaching session. To go on top of that, my car was in for a service the following tuesday. Monday was a day where I **needed** to practise my slides. 

I'd taken some time out of my morning to practise on my own and video it; this allowed me to assess my own performance. I also booked some time with the team to ensure that it fit will with what they were saying. After confirming that this fit with the team, and recieving some resounding complements on how far my slides had some along since beginning working on it.

Wednesday came around and we had a final practise session in the morning, after the free breakfast provided! The SummIT was larger than I thought. Every employee was attending. All of the larger conference rooms were booked out for big talks. In the room with the main stage, there were a number of different technical demos taking up every wall. There was an automated photo-booth as you came in, which led to a virtual reality ski course. Moving around from that, there was a small living room set-up next to the huge buffet table. Going past this, we were welcomed with the main stage - with a massive seating area, and cameras broadcasting to different parts of the company.

Our slot was at 10.30, so we could sit around and watch a few talks before we went up. Our talk on LillyDev was a massive success. The only hiccup was that I didn't get handed the remote for the slide-show!

The remainder of the SummIT was spent watching other peoples' talks. A couple of notable ones were automating the entire devops toolchain on the research site, as well as the talk on Blockchain. The day was finished off with a talk on IoT from the CTO of IBM.

There was also the matter of the sphero challenge that I'd entered with another student. We got to work on that, too. We had a fairly good implementation, but opted to change it out for a more sensible, precise route. Rather than just have movements at speed 50 in any direction, we moved the speed down - so that it would be more consistent (and would drain the battery less + work on low battery). I also suggested that we add delays between each movement. This was to allow the ball to settle, before moving off. This resulted in a longer running time but was more accurate, more often. We thought we were ready for the challenge on Wednesday, but the challenge was postponed until Friday.

When Friday came about I was confident that we could add the final touches, and get to the end of the course. Only, it turned out that the organisers had expected us to do it *all* in our spare time. Something that was not advertised. Because of this we didn't win. Nor did every other team apart from one - because that team had completed the circuit previously.

## One click Site
In and out of the SummIT prep and actual site, I was working on the One-Click site. Fixing deployment/upgrade issues. I also had the opportunity to demo and help out another student in Elanco who was working on another similar website. Something that I'll have to do in the coming weeks is a knowledge transfer; Transferring knowledge can allow next year's students to support this and enable the team in Elanco can work on their own, external, version.

I also had the opportunity to demonstrate this site to both the chief of staff, and the lead of the accelerator project. The chief of staff loved this, because it aligned with the future of where we're moving with programming. This demonstration also uncovered another use for the OCS: this can be an accelerator. A fully functional node website, with a contentful backend. Other developers can kickstart their site and have things like client-side routing, a Contentful API and SSO already set up for them.

### A Potential New Project
Because the SummIT finished on Wednesday, I had a bit of downtime toward the end of the week. I got chatting to another student and found that they needed a website built, for different privacy statements - because of GDPR. I whipped up a small PoC for them, which they presented to their director. 

He wanted us to go full speed-ahead with this and have it done by the 18th. This worked well with me, so I volunteeded myself. We had an alignment meeting the following day to elicit requirements for this. 

After the meeting, the student went to speak to another stakeholder about this, to make them aware. It turned out that this stakeholder already had a similar project in the pipeline - so we opted to stop work on this and not interfere.