# Week Beginning April 30, 2018

## Work Carried Out
This week wasn't focused that much on code. There was still the impending release of MVP2 of the site generator, but that was it. 

This week had a big focus on the education project, as well as team building.

### Education Project
The week started out with a meeting on Monday about the media room in the Erl Wood research facility. A professional room for media creation. We discussed the types of video we wanted to create, with a focus on videos like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXgA1d_E-jY). I found that there was something more interactive with having a person stand in front of the code, and run through what's happening, piece by piece.

I'd booked the meeting with Izzy, somebody based in Lilly House that's had a lot of experience with the media room, as well as the person who runs it in Erl Wood. I presented my example videos and we worked together to understand what is possible with the center and get it booked for the 18th May.

### Team Building
Later on that week, we had a developer squad 'health checkup', based on the [Spotify Health Check Model](https://labs.spotify.com/2014/09/16/squad-health-check-model/). In a conference room with the rest of the developers, we went through our working principles and tried to append different colored traffic lights, depending on how well we felt that we met those principles. If there was a discrepency in the ranking, we discussed how we felt we met it, and tried to agree on a common color.

### Site Generator
Thursday and Friday were spent on the Site Generator. In a lot of my time out of meetings, I was working toward MVP2, which I pushed midday Friday before my partner left for his week abroad. In meetings, I was presenting the Site Generator - either as a teaching concept (an example is reverse mentoring with my mentor), or to other teams that wanted to use reusable content models - something that would save a lot of time and money for teams throughout the company. Our solution takes a grand total of 10 minutes to deploy, whereas the human solution takes up to 60 days!

The week ended with a feature freeze and a push to production with the Site Generator.