# Week Beginning April 16, 2018

## Work Carried Out
This week consisted of the following:
* SummIT prep
* LillyDev tweaks
* Setting up educational resources for new developers in India
* Working with a student who's interested in the site generator
* Going to a Developers meetup

## SummIT Prep
The summit is now in less than two weeks. I continued prep from the previous week on our talk for the summit. As a group, we only managed to get a couple of slots booked in a conference room - but I felt as though it was very useful.

The first practise session, I was still a little wobbly. I was mixing up my words and breaking the fourth wall, as it were. After some well needed feedback from my manager who was spectating, and my peers, I had some private prep and managed to make some significant improvements to my performance

## LillyDev
The vast majority of the week was spent writing small UI tweaks and enhancements for LillyDev.


## Education
This week marked the beginning of my education project. I had a meeting with the analyst running the training sessions in India, and put my ideas forward. He was really grateful for my help, and wanted everything that I had to offer. He did want us to stay more around Lilly technology and not so much external technology - as they're easily searchable if something goes ary.

We worked to plan out a roadmap, and the types of content we were going to create - user guides and video guides.

## Site Generator
I had a meeting with another student on friday about the business integrator accelerator. The first outcome was that we should change the name - so I reclassified it as the 'site generator'. I showed a demo, and went over what the site could do. After that, I asked if there were any questions. 

Although the generator didn't align exactly with that the student wanted to do, he saw tremendous value in it and pointed me toward a few people to talk to.

# Developers Meetup
Finally, we went to a developers' meetup in London this week. This was hosted by the cloud CMS Contentful. The talks were by a variety of developers, and I learnt some new way of thinking about everything.

Our manager was with us, and after a bit of networking managed us to get a slot to talk at the end of May!